Script for creating merged UMAPs for figure 3 (#58)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-paper-figures: scripts/README.md

7. `FigS2B_adt-plots.R`: This script is used to generate supplemental Figure 2B, which includes simplified and miniature versions of the plots in the ADT section of the main QC report included with each sample download.
Before running this script, you must run `figure_setup/sync-data-files.R`.

> 8. `Fig3D_merged-umaps.R`: This script is used to generate Figure 3D, which includes an example of the UMAPs showin the merged report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. `Fig3D_merged-umaps.R`: This script is used to generate Figure 3D, which includes an example of the UMAPs shown in the merged report.
```
